alan@astro.ku.dk		(Alan Steen Nielsen),
anja@astro.ku.dk		(Anja Andersen),
apinaniz@fys.ku.dk		(Estitxu Apinaniz),
arne_d@astro.ku.dk              (Arne Damm),
balslev@fys.ku.dk		(Soeren Balslev),
banshee@astro.ku.dk		(Jens Falkesgaard),
bekie@fys.ku.dk                 (Christian Wejdemann),
birgitta@astro.ku.dk		(Birgitta Nordstrom),
bodil@astro.ku.dk		(Bodil Helt),
boris@astro.ku.dk		(Boris Gudiksen),
buch@fys.ku.dk                  (Lars Buchhave),
cathrine.hasse@mail1.anthro.ku.dk	(Cathrine Hasse),
cmik@fys.ku.dk			(Christian Mikkelsen),
cornelio@fys.ku.dk		(Emanuele Cornelio),
cramer@astro.ku.dk		(Michael Cramer Andersen),
dina@fys.ku.dk                  (Henriette Elvang),
dorch@astro.ku.dk		(Bertil Dorch),
duhring@fys.ku.dk		(Margit Duhring),
franco@astro.ku.dk              (Franco Calledda),
franz_t@astro.ku.dk		(Franz Thomsen),
frey@astro.ku.dk		(Lars Freyhammer),
grusjenk@fys.ku.dk			(Grusjenka Andersen),
haldrup@fys.ku.dk               (Kristoffer Haldrup),
helge@astro.ku.dk		(Helge Joench-Sorensen),
henning@astro.ku.dk		(Henning Jorgensen),
indus@astro.ku.dk		(Jens Knude),
ja@astro.ku.dk			(Johannes Andersen),
jacob_g@astro.ku.dk		(Jakob Grove-Rasmussen),
jansen@astro.ku.dk		(Nina Jansen),
jba@fys.ku.dk                   (Jes Barkler),
kap@fys.ku.dk			(Karsten Pedersen),
kim_n@astro.ku.dk		(Kim Nielsen),
konemann@fys.ku.dk		(Jens Konemann),
korte@fys.ku.dk			(Frank Korte),
kraiberg@astro.ku.dk		(Kirsten Kraiberg Knudsen),
kristian@dsri.dk        	(Kristian Pedersen),
laila@fys.ku.dk			(Laila Slot),
lars_c@astro.ku.dk		(Lars Lindberg Christensen),
lasse@fys.ku.dk                 (Lasse Bendtsen),
leif@astro.ku.dk		(Leif Hansen),
library@astro.ku.dk		(Lone Gross),
lisbeth@astro.ku.dk		(Lisbeth Fogh Olsen),
list@image.dk			(Thorbjorn List),
mia@astro.ku.dk			(Michael I. Andersen),
milvang@astro.ku.dk		(Bo Milvang-Jensen),
m.linden@ic.ac.uk		(Michael Linden-Voernle),
mogens@astro.ku.dk              (Mogens Norn Kalsson),
mortena@fys.ku.dk		(Morten Andersen),
brian_j@astro.ku.dk		(Brian Lindgren Jensen),
norup@astro.ku.dk               (Anton Norup Sorensen),
ossi@tac.dk                     (Ornulfur Einar Rognvaldsson),
peder@astro.ku.dk		(Peder Danielsen),
pilar@fys.ku.dk			(Pilar de Teodoro),
pontop@astro.ku.dk              (Klaus Pontoppidan),
rene@astro.ku.dk		(Rene Michelsen),
rosendal@astro.ku.dk		(John Rosendal Nielsen),
rosenkil@astro.ku.dk		(Bjarne Rosenkilde Joergensen),
runeni@fys.ku.dk                (Rune Niclasen),
runge@fys.ku.dk                 (Morten T. Runge),
s213@fys.ku.dk			(Robert Fournais),
s214@fys.ku.dk			(Peter Sjoestroem Jensen),
s225@fys.ku.dk			(Thomas Vadstrup),
s234@fys.ku.dk			(Kaare Holm Madsen),
samsoe@fys.ku.dk                (Eva Samsoe),
simon@fys.ku.dk			(Simon Vester Christensen),
smeibom@astro.ku.dk             (Soeren Meibom),
soren@fys.ku.dk                 (Soeren Friis-Nielsen),
soeren@astro.ku.dk		(Soeren Larsen),
sune@astro.ku.dk                (Sune Hermit),
tauris@obs.aau.dk               (Thomas Tauris),
terese@astro.ku.dk		(Terese Loevaas),
tgreve@astro.ku.dk              (Thomas R. Greve),
thommy_l@astro.ku.dk		(Thommy Larsen),
thyrring@fys.ku.dk              (Daniel Thyrring)
