
From bobrankin@mhv.net Tue Aug  6 22:16:00 1996
Date: Tue, 6 Aug 1996 20:43:54 -0400
From: Bob Rankin <bobrankin@mhv.net>
Reply-To: TOURBUS-REQUEST@LISTSERV.AOL.COM
To: Multiple recipients of list TOURBUS <TOURBUS@LISTSERV.AOL.COM>
Subject: TOURBUS - 6 Aug 1996 - Java and Jumping Frogs

    /~~~~~~~~~|~~~~~~~~~~~~/~~~~~~~~|~~~~~~~~~~|~~~~~~~~~~~/~~~|~\
   |     "Why | Surf When / You Can | Ride The | Bus?"    /    |  \
   |__________|__________/__________|__________|_________/     |   \
  /                                                     /______|----\
 /   Take the MYST Trivia Challenge at WorldVillage and |//////|    |
 |   win one of 50 great prizes from Broderbund!  For   |//////|    |
 |   details, see http://www.worldvillage.com/myst.htm  |//////|    |
 |                                                      |//////|    |
 ~~~/~~~\~~/~~~\~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~/~~~\~~~~
    \___/  \___/  T h e   I n t e r n e t   T o u r B u s  \___/


TODAY'S TOURBUS STOP    : Java and Jumping Frogs
TODAY'S TOURBUS ADDRESS : http://sun.java.com


No, it's not Smokin' Joe, a Cup of Mud or anything resembling hot liquid
this time...  Java is a new technology from Sun Microsystems that
enables real interactivity on the Web.  If you go direct to Sun for a
definition, it's a bit loftier...

   "Java is a simple, robust, object-oriented, platform-independent
   multi-threaded, dynamic general-purpose programming environment.
   It's best for creating applets and applications for the Internet,
   intranets and any other complex, distributed network."

Aside from setting a new world's record for consecutive adjectives, that
should about cover it.  For programmers, it's a way to extend the Web in
exciting directions.  For users, it's the promise of running full-scale
applications over the Web, as opposed to mere sightseeing.  But what can
you really do with Java?  And what's an applet?

A Java applet is a program that can be included in a Web page, much like
an image.  When you use a Java-compatible browser to view such a page,
code is transferred to your system and executed by the browser.  This is
a big step beyond good old HTML (the tags used to format Web pages).

HTML is really just a simple markup language that tells your browser how
to format the text and images on a page.  You can't do anything that
requires interactivity or "if/then/else" programming logic.  Enter Java,
a programming language for the Web.  With Java and it's cousin
JavaScript, you can create things like interactive games, scrolling
marquees, spreadsheets and jumping frogs.

Jumping Frogs???  I must have this Technology!
---------------------------------------------------------

If like most people, that was your immediate reaction, you'll have to
find a browser that supports Java, such as Netscape V2 for Windows 95 or
NT.  (Sun says Java is supported on Win 3.1, but I've not seen a version
of Netscape or any other browser that can do it there.) You'll also need
a pretty fast machine, plenty of memory, and at least a 28.8K connection
to handle the large quantities of data required to make frogs jump in
cyberspace.

Not sure if your browser supports Java?  Just try it...  Hop on over to
http://www.franceway.com/frogjump.htm and see what happens.  If you get
a page that says "Can you see the jumping Frog???" but alas, it is
frogless, there may still be a glimmer of hope.  Check the settings
under Options+Security Preferences (or equivalent) and see if Java is
perchance disabled.

Netscape's Release Notes page at http://home.netscape.com/eng/mozilla/2.0/relnotes/
will tell which versions & platforms of their browser support Java. Sun
also has a special browser called HotJava (for Win 95, NT and some Unix
flavors) that you can try.  Microsoft has their own Java-like thing called
ActiveX, so Internet Explorer does not support Java, unless you download
the Java Support Update for IE 3.0 Beta 2.

Users of Windows 3.1 and Netscape V2 can still use JavaScript
applications, though.  If you'd like to see some JavaScript in action,
see my home page at http://csbh.mhv.net/~bobrankin and look for the
scrolling marquee at the top of the page.  (If it doesn't scroll, you
may need to fix the Preferences or upgrade to V2.)  Feel free to steal
the code and hack it to suit!

More Java Stuff
---------------

Want to learn more about using Java, creating applets, and where to find
a directory of cool Java applets?  Check out Sun's All About Java Page
at http://java.sun.com/allabout.html where you'll find the Java FAQ and
other helpful resources.

*------------------------*  ONLINE COURSES  *------------------------*
 Do you want to keep your job AND take courses?  Univ. of Wisconsin-
  Stout provides facilitated & self-paced courses online.  For info
   visit "http://major.uwstout.edu" or e-mail "conted@uwstout.edu".
*--------------------------------------------------------------------*
*--------------*  Win the $1 Million Dollar Giveaway!  *-------------*
*--------------------------------------------------------------------*
 Play the Prize-link Progressive Jackpot Sweepstakes at Web Warehouse.
  A chance to WIN up to $1 Million Instantly!  Web Warehouse offers a
 wide assortment of quality consumer items from jewelry to music CDs.
*----------------------( http://webwarehouse.com )-------------------*

Oh!  If you're planning to attend the ONE ISPCON convention in San
Francisco this week, look for me at the Boardwatch Magazine booth. I'll
be happy to autograph a copy "Painless" for you.  See you next time!  -Bob

========================================================================
  Join  : Send SUBSCRIBE TOURBUS Your Name to LISTSERV@LISTSERV.AOL.COM
  Leave : Send SIGNOFF TOURBUS to LISTSERV@LISTSERV.AOL.COM
  Info  : On the Web at http://www.worldvillage.com/tourbus.htm
  Advertising: E-mail BobRankin@MHV.net w/ Subject: SEND TBRATES
=-----------------------------------------------------------------------=
  For info on my new book "Doctor Bob's Painless Guide To The Internet"
      send e-mail to BobRankin@MHV.net w/ Subject: SEND BOOKINFO
     (Quantity discounts available for schools, clubs and sysops)
=========================================================================

     TOURBUS - (c) Copyright 1996, Patrick Crispen and Bob Rankin
 All rights reserved.  Redistribution is allowed only with permission.
     Send this copy to 3 friends and tell them to get on the Bus!

