Date: 01 Mar 97 01:43:49 EST
From: Carol Thompson <72703.667@CompuServe.COM>
To: netservices@sfi.org
Cc: Dyar SF <70216.172@CompuServe.COM>
Subject: CoSS


STARLEET INTERNATIONAL:
STARFLEET ACADEMY
COLLEGE OF SURVIVAL STUDIES

Basic Survival School
Mapping Survival School
Survival Strategies School

CATALOQUE OF COURSES
SD 9702.25

COLLEGE OF SURVIVAL STUDIES
PO Box 135
Ester, AK 99725
E-mail: 72703.667@compuserve.com or CoSS@sfi.org

The College currently has 3 schools described below.. Though SFA
is now on the cash system, you may send vouchers if you already
have purchased them. Make checks or money orders out to 
STARFLEET ACADEMY FUND. In addition to the tuition described, 
each class also requires a #10 SASE and two loose stamps (for 
the certificate and lesson packets.).  With the many Starfleet 
members taking Academy Courses, the postage for one Betazoid 
Director can get pretty overwhelming. 

BASIC SURVIVAL SCHOOL (BSS)

This school offers four degrees: Associates, Bachelors, Masters,
and Doctorate. The tuition for each Degree $3.

The purpose of this subject is to familiarize you with the basic
needs of the Humanoid body and how the Human fits into his/her 
natural environment. The classes are designed to be taken in 
order. As you research each level, your understanding of what it
will take to get humans in space should grow. You begin on Earth
in the Alaska wilderness, learning how to survive without 24th 
Century technology (except for beam-in and beam-out.) Building 
on knowledge gained, you become a member of the Moon Colony 
planning team. Finally you help plan life on a multigenerational
ship.

Each mission proposes a set of conditions in which you research 
the area you are assigned to and write a paper describing how 
you are going to carry out the mission. For the Bachelors, 
Masters, and Doctorate, you write a detailed mid-term report. 
>From your mid-term proposal, I develop questions and problems 
that you must answer for the final paper.  You may also explore 
the last three courses in teams of up to 3 sentient beings. 
(See SPECIAL CONDITIONS.)

The Associates Degree program "sends" you on a week-long fishing
trip to interior Alaska.  You may only take a small duffel bag.
What will you bring with you?  How will you satisfy your basic 
survival needs? You must write one detailed mission report. No 
final paper is required.

The Bachelors Degree program will teach you the basic needs of
Human survival in a hostile type M environment. You will be a
member of an away team for 6 months studying and living the 
Native American way of life in the Northern Hemisphere. You must
use only the resources of the planet to survive. (The Prime 
Directive applies.) Evaluation is through a mid-term paper and a
final report.

The Masters Degree program will develop your knowledge of Human
survival in an airless environment, that is, in a Moon colony. 
You will have to draw on your knowledge of the Human food chain
and waste reclamation to plan the colony. Evaluation is through 
a mid-term proposal and a final report.

The Doctorate program leads you on an investigation of survival 
on a multigenerational ship.  Assuming that Earthers take off to
other worlds before they solve the FTL problem, a multi-
generational ship may become a reality. You will have to decide
such tough issues as who should go, what needs to be aboard, 
type of government, religion, recreation, laws, etc. Evaluation 
is through a mid-term proposal and a final report..

MAPPING SURVIVAL SCHOOL (MSS)

This school offers four degrees,: Associates, Bachelors, Masters
and Doctorate. This series of courses will help you learn to 
read, use, and draw maps of all kinds so that you can navigate
in an emergency, through a congested city, around a planet and
among the stars.. The tuition for  the Associates is $3.  The 
tuition for the upper level courses is $4. .

The Associates program requires that you draw a simple floor
plan of your house or apartment and the land it sits on.  You 
must design a fire escape route and draw it on this map. This 
class could save your life!

The Bachelors program introduces you to city, state and national
maps. You will draw a simple map guiding people to your house. 
You will plot a main route and an alternate route across a city 
and state (province) map to get to a Star Trek Convention. There
will also be some basic questions to answer about maps.

The challenging Masters program introduces you to planetary 
maps: longitude and latitude, Global Positioning System, 
navigation by the stars, and ancient navigation systems.  You 
will answer questions about planetary maps and navigate the 
planet Earth using the coordinates I give you, logging and 
mapping your route.

The Doctorate introduces you to  3-D star mapping.  You will 
learn about the Galactic coordinate system, about starship 
coordinates, and some of the other mapping terms as presented in
Star Trek. The doctoral project will require you to map an 
artificial galaxy in 3-d space using standard Star Trek Galactic
coordinates.(Sounds scarier than it is!)

The courses in the Mapping School are not eligible for team 
participation.

 SURVIVAL STRATEGIES SCHOOL (SSS)

The tuition for each class is $3.  A taped copy of the episodes 
for each test may be purchased for $5.00 (VHS format only).  The
tests may be taken in any order.

This school asks you analyze how the Star Trek crews used 
emergency procedures to survive until rescued. Each test is 
based on the episodes of a different series.

SURVIVAL STRATEGIES (NG) Analyzes the survival strategies of the
crew of the Enterprise "D". You must be able to view these four 
episodes: FINAL MISSION, DISASTER, YESTERDAY'S ENTERPRISE and
THE ENEMY.

SURVIVAL STRATEGIES (TOS/MOVIES) Analyzes the survival 
strategies of the crew of the original Enterprise and the 
Enterprise A and B. You must be able to view these episodes and
movies: GALILEO 7, SEARCH FOR SPOCK, UNDISCOVERED COUNTRY, and
GENERATIONS. (STILL UNDER CONSTRUCTION)

SURVIVAL STRATEGIES (DS9) Analyzes the survival strategies of 
the crew of DS9 Space Station. You must be able to view these 
episodes: (STILL UNDER CONSTRUCTION)

SURVIVAL STRATEGIES (VOY) Analyzes the survival strategies of 
the crew of Voyager. You must be able to view these episodes: 
THE CARETAKER and BASICS I & II

Courses in the Survival Strategies School  are not eligible for 
team participation.

SPECIAL CONDITIONS. 

If you form a team to take the Bachelors, Masters or Doctorate
in the Basic Survival School, each member of the team must be a
Starfleet member, must apply to the College of Survival Studies,
and must submit the tuition listed in the application for the 
class. Only one member of each team needs to complete the 
preceding class before the team embarks on its mission. Each 
participant shall be responsible for different factors and shall
contribute his/her own portion of the midterm and final report
in order to receive an individual degree. The team should submit
all its work together, with each sheet labeled with the name of 
the team member who wrote that part of the report. The team for 
any one degree is limited to three sentient beings. The 
Associate Degree is not eligible for team participation.

If you have real-world experience in one or more of the courses 
in the BSS or MSS and wish to take a higher level class, send a 
detailed description of your experience and how you wish to 
proceed. No diploma will be given for classes you are excused 
from.

REPORT FORMAT

All reports must be in the English language.  Your responses to 
essay questions and your reports should be in complete sentences
and should fully explain your answers. Other required projects 
must be neat and clear. All reports MUST be labeled with your 
name,  and SCC number,.

SUBMISSION METHODS

IF YOU ARE ON-LINE: you can E-mail your BSS and SSS reports.  
The diplomas will be mailed by regular post. IF you are not 
on-line,  type or NEATLY write your report and mail it to the 
address on the top of Page 1.

GENERAL INFORMATION

Students at least 12 years old may take these classes.

The mid-term (if required)  is due 3 months from the time you 
receive your assignment.  The final (if required) is due 1 month
after receipt of the questions. Extensions due to illness, 
family circumstances or natural disasters must be sent to me 
before the time limit is up. The extension must state how much 
additional time is needed to complete the project.

When mailing reports or questions to me DO NOT put my rank on 
the envelope.  Fictitious ranks offend the many veterans working
in the Postal Service. Use the name and address of the school at
the top of page 1.

Grades are Pass-Fail. If you pass, you will receive your diploma
in the mail.  If you did not pass, I will send you a list of 
what you must do to complete your Degree. You will then be given
a time limit in which to finish your project.

It is highly recommended that you make a copy of your reports,
test answers, and projects for safe-keeping, as the ones sent to
me will not be returned. Also, Ferengi marauders could intercept
your mail along the trade route. ;-) 

Your transcript will remain on file for 10 years following your 
last test.

Any questions? Are you stuck on a part of your project? Send me 
a Long Self-Addressed Stamped Envelope (LSASE) (#10 business 
size) and your questions. You may ask me questions on-line, as 
well.

SPECIAL NEEDS?

For people with special needs, these methods may be used.

Someone may read you the  requirements.  You may discuss the 
REQUIREMENTS so you understand what I am asking you to think 
bout.  But you may not discuss your ANSWERS with anyone but a 
team member. 

You may dictate your ANSWERS to someone who can type for you.  
Your typist must not help you decide on your answers, but only 
type what you say.

You may prefer to answer on audiotape or videotape.  Your tape 
will be returned. Because of the extra cost of postage for 
tapes, only students (or teams having members) with special 
needs may send tapes.

If you need larger print, let me know, and I'll send all the 
rest of the material in extra-large print.

*************************************************************************************************
COLLEGE  OF SURVIVAL STUDIES
PO Box 135
Ester, AK 99725
e-mail: 72703.667@compuserve.com or CoSS@sfi.org

APPLICATION FOR ADMITTANCE

Please fill out completely and attach the required tuition.

Name_______________________________________________AGE_____

SCC #______________________________

Mailing Address_________________________________________________

________________________________________________________________

________________________________________________________________

E-MAIL ADDRESS__________________________________________________

School applying for (check one)_____Survival Strategies School 
($3 per test) 

Test requested: ____NG   _*_TOS/MOVIES  _*_DS9     ____ VOY  
(*) These classes are still under construction)
I need a copy of the episodes for the test (add $5) ______

____Basic Survival School ($3 per course)

____Mapping Survival School ($3  for Associates)
       ($4 for all others)

Degree applying for ___Associates   ___Bachelors  
                               ___Masters     ____Doctorate

The degrees must taken in order, as each one builds a foundation
for the next, unless you have real-world experience in one of 
the courses. Experience may serve as the prerequisite for a 
higher degree. See Special Conditions.

For Basic Survival School Teams: Please enroll all members of 
your team.  Each member of the team must be a Starfleet member 
and must pay tuition.  Only 1 member of the team needs to 
complete the previous class before taking the Bachelor's, 
Masters or Doctorate in Basic Survival.

Name_______________________________________________AGE_____

SCC #_______________________________

Mailing Address_________________________________________________

________________________________________________________________


Name_______________________________________________AGE_____

SCC #_______________________________

Mailing Address_________________________________________________

________________________________________________________________


Amount enclosed:$______


<eof>