Too much coffee on the Internet gives software makers the jitters
----------------------------------------------------------------------------

Copyright© 1996 Nando.net
Copyright© 1996 The Wall Street Journal

(Jun 7, 1996 00:05 a.m. EDT) -- The software industry might have had one too
many cups of coffee.

It all started last year when Sun Microsystems released Java, a software
language designed to spice up pages on the Internet's World Wide Web. With
the boom in the global-computer network, interest in Java has exploded. That
prompted other companies to release a raft of products designed to add
features to Java -- many of which carry variations on the coffee theme.

Borland International launched a product called Latte. Symantec announced
Cafe. Applix makes Espresso. Natural Intelligence has Roaster. Sun also came
out with HotJava. Last week brought two more entries: Java Beans from Sun,
and Arabica from International Business Machines. Argus Systems Group makes
Decaf.

Headline writers at technology trade journals have been having a field day.
"Sun brews up Java blend," said InfoWorld. "Java technology perks up WWW,"
said PC Week.

Enough already, says Eric Lundquist, PC Week's editor in chief. "It's
clearly out of control," he complains, speaking of both the industry's
coffee-based names and the headline puns, including those in his own
magazine.

Java itself is a clever name, he says, since "it conveyed the idea of a hot
product." But all the permutations are starting to wear thin, he believes.

Sun came up with the Java trademark "when a bunch of people got in a room,
including (Java chief inventor) James Gosling, and started kicking some
names around," says a Sun spokesman. "What they came to recognize was that
the one thing that kept them going over the last three or four years was
coffee."

The staff of developers, many of whom consider themselves coffee
connoisseurs, often frequented Caffe Verona, a Palo Alto, Calif.,
coffeehouse.

Java has received so much press that Nestle recently asked Mr. Gosling to
appear in a Nescafe instant-coffee ad. He turned it down.

Even Sun is getting a bit too much of a caffeine buzz. When it recently
released its new Java operating system it called it, simply, Java OS,
passing up the product's code name -- Kona.

"The world didn't need another coffee-related software product," the Sun
spokesman says.



----------------------------------------------------------------------------
  [ GLOBAL | STATESIDE | SPORTS | POLITICS | VOICES | BUSINESS | INFOTECH |
                  HEALTH & SCIENCE | ENTERTAINMENT | MAIN ]
----------------------------------------------------------------------------

Copyright© 1996 Nando.net
Do you have some feedback for the Nando Times staff?
